So when you have a team, you understand that everything is not going to
go perfect. Um, there's gonna be some agreements, and they're going
to be some disagreements. If I were faced with a disagreement, one
of the ways I would handle it is, uh, toe ask, how can we fix it? How
can we get through it? Um, in order for the team to get to that next
level to complete the mission, we we have to be able to communicate,
and some disagreements are part of it. So how we handle it, how
we talk through it, um, to get to the end goal is what's gonna be important.
So while there are many ways I could have explained how there
are disagreements, I just know when you have disagreements, the
best thing to do is to communicate to so that you can get to the end
goal